Update the categorized renderer description (#4499)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

The |categorizedSymbol| :guilabel:`Categorized` renderer is used to render the
features of a layer, using a user-defined symbol whose aspect reflects the
discrete values of a field or an expression.

.. _figure_categorized_symbology:

.. figure:: img/categorysymbol_ng_line.png
   :align: center

   Categorized Symbolizing options

> To apply a categorized symbology to a layer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use categorized symbology to a layer:
```

Reviewer: My suggestion contained an error. Corrected now.

#. Select the :guilabel:`Value` of classification: it can be an existing field
   or an :ref:`expression <vector_expressions>` you can type in the box or build
   using the associated |expression| button. Using expressions for categorizing

>    avoids the need to create ad hoc field for symbology purpose (eg, if your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   avoids the need to create an ad hoc field for symbology purposes (eg, if your
```

>    classification criteria is derived from one or more attributes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   classification criteria are derived from one or more attributes).
```

   The expression used to classify features can be of any type; eg, it can:

   * be a comparison. In this case, QGIS returns values ``1`` (**True**) and
     ``0`` (**False**). Some examples:

     ::

      myfield >= 100
      $id = @atlas_featureid
      myfield % 2 = 0
      within( $geometry, @atlas_geometry )

   * combine different fields:

     ::

      concat( field_1, ' ', field_2 )

   * be a calculation on fields:

     ::

      myfield % 2
      year( myfield )
      field_1 + field_2
      substr( field_1, -3 )

>    * be used to transform linear values in discrete classes, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * be used to transform linear values to discrete classes, e.g.:
```

     ::

      CASE WHEN x > 1000 THEN 'Big' ELSE 'Small' END

>    * combine several discrete values in one single category, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * combine several discrete values into a single category, e.g.:
```

     ::

      CASE
      WHEN building IN ('residence', 'mobile home') THEN 'residential'
      WHEN building IN ('commercial', 'industrial') THEN 'Commercial and Industrial'
      END

   .. tip:: While you can use any kind of expression to categorize features,
    for some complex expressions it might be simpler to use :ref:`rule-based
    rendering <rule_based_rendering>`.

> #. Configure the :ref:`Symbol <symbol-selector>` which will be used as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Configure the :ref:`Symbol <symbol-selector>`, which will be used as
```

   base symbol for all the classes;
#. Indicate the :ref:`Color ramp <color-ramp>`, ie the range of colors from which
   the color applied to each symbol is selected.

   Besides the common options of the :ref:`color ramp widget <color_ramp_widget>`,
   you can apply a |unchecked| :guilabel:`Random Color Ramp` to the categories.

>    And click the :guilabel:`Shuffle Random Colors` entry to regenerate a new set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can click the :guilabel:`Shuffle Random Colors` entry to regenerate a new set
```

>    of random colors if not satisfactory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   of random colors if you are not satisfied.
```

#. Then click on the :guilabel:`Classify` button to create classes from the
   distinct values of the provided field or expression.
#. :guilabel:`Apply` the changes if the :ref:`live update <layer_styling_panel>`

>    is not in use and each feature in the map canvas will be rendered with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   is not in use and each feature on the map canvas will be rendered with the
```

   symbol of its class.

   By default, QGIS appends an :guilabel:`all other values` class to the list.
   While empty at the beginning, this class is used as a default class for any
   feature not falling into the other classes (eg, when you create features

>    with new values of classification).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   with new values for the classification field / expression).
```

Further tweaks can be done to the default classification:

> * You can |signPlus| :sup:`Add` new categories, |signMinus| :sup:`Remove` the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can |signPlus| :sup:`Add` new categories, |signMinus| :sup:`Remove`
```

>   selected one(s) or :guilabel:`Delete All` of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  selected categories or :guilabel:`Delete All` of them.
```

> * Each class can be disabled by unchecking the checkbox at the left of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A class can be disabled by unchecking the checkbox to the left of the
```

  class name; the corresponding features are hidden on the map.
* Drag-and-drop the rows to reorder the classes
* To change the symbol, the value or the legend of a class, double click the item.

Right-clicking over selected item(s) shows a contextual menu to:

* :guilabel:`Copy Symbol` and :guilabel:`Paste Symbol`, a convenient way
  to apply a category's representation to others
* :guilabel:`Change Color...` of the selected symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change Opacity...` of the selected symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change output Unit...` of the selected symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change Width...` of the selected line symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Merge Categories`: Groups multiple selected categories into a single
  one. This allows simpler styling of layers with a large number of categories,
  where it may be possible to group numerous distinct categories into a smaller
  and more manageable set of categories which apply to multiple values.

  .. tip:: Since the symbol kept for the merged categories is the one of the
   topmost selected category in the list, you may want to move the category

>    whose symbol you wish to reuse at the top before merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   whose symbol you wish to reuse to the top before merging.
```

* :guilabel:`Unmerge Categories` that were previously merged

The :guilabel:`Advanced` menu gives access to options to speed classification
or fine-tune the symbols rendering:

* :guilabel:`Match to saved symbols`: Using the :ref:`symbols library
  <vector_style_manager>`, assigns to each category a symbol whose name
  represents the classification value of the category
* :guilabel:`Match to symbols from file...`: Provided a file with symbols,
  assigns to each category a symbol whose name represents the classification
  value of the category

> * :ref:`Symbol levels... <Symbols_levels>` to define order of symbols rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`Symbol levels... <Symbols_levels>` to define the order of symbols rendering.
```
